This mod is intended to be a bunch of very small tweaks to vanilla Terraria without feeling too much like a quality of life mod.

After playing master and legendary mode a few times, I've had to use many of the different features in the game. While Terraria and its devs do an amazing job updating and maintaining the game, there are points in any run that feel too "grindy" and don't provide much outside of being a time sink. That said, this is not a complete quality of life mod. Many of the time-saving features require that you experience enough of the game and the environment to "earn" the quality of life.

For example, what if you require 43 attempts at Duke Fishron before finally defeating him? Or maybe you're really unlucky and looking for the elusive Fishron Wings? Are you really inclined to find 43 truffle worms? While you'll still fight all 43 of them fair and square, the novelty of finding truffle worms wears off after the first 10-15. This is why infinite boss summons are craftable.

This mod also aims to make some of the less used gear stand a chance to their more popular counter-parts. For example, why bother using the Blue Moon when you have access to the Starfury at the same time? Better yet, why use the Sunfury when the Night's Edge is either accessible or another boss fight away? This problem creates the need for balance changes.

Additionally, some thought is put into keeping sub-classes viable at the hardest of difficulties. Take gun-based ranger for example. The route is likely going to be Boomstick into most pre-hardmode bosses until Pheonix Blaster is obtained. In legendary mode, how likely is it that you'll beat the evil boss in your world using musket balls and a Boomstick/Minishark/Handgun? While you could beat Skeletron first for Necro Armour and a chance at meteor bars from shadow chests for meteor shot, that is not a renewable source and puts a limit on fully geared evil boss attempts using gun-based builds. This is why I've added pre-evil boss ammo types that have 1 pierce, because that is the root of the issue.
